CIHM-WIP

This is a module used by Canadiana to process "work in progress" (WIP)
files, and generate a CIHM Submission Information Package (SIP), which
can then be ingested into an Archival Information Package (AIP).


The resulting AIPs are then distributed via code in the separate
CIHM::TDR module.


The scripts in bin/ represent microservices which read from CouchDB databases
what work needs to be done, and submits results back to CouchDB.

* mallet - creates a SIP from supplied files

* tdringest - adds a SIP to an AIP

* wip - command-line interface for some tools

* wip-imageconv - Will convert supplied image files to another format.

* wip-move - moves files between different 'stages' used to manage
             processes.

* wip-tdrexport - exports data from repository (metadata, SIP, AIP)

* wip-unitize - helps automate organizing the structure of files.


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

We run this module from a Docker image built with
https://github.com/c7a/cihm-ingestwip

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

  https://github.com/crkn-rcdr/CIHM-WIP has an issue tracker which should be
  used for any questions.

  https://github.com/c7a/CIHM-WIP/blob/master/HISTORY.md contains
  a note about the history of this module.


LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2017 Russell McOrmond

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

Any use, modification, and distribution of the Standard or Modified
Versions is governed by this Artistic License. By using, modifying or
distributing the Package, you accept this license. Do not use, modify,
or distribute the Package, if you do not accept this license.

If your Modified Version has been derived from a Modified Version made
by someone other than you, you are nevertheless required to ensure that
your Modified Version complies with the requirements of this license.

This license does not grant you the right to use any trademark, service
mark, tradename, or logo of the Copyright Holder.

This license includes the non-exclusive, worldwide, free-of-charge
patent license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import and
otherwise transfer the Package with respect to any patent claims
licensable by the Copyright Holder that are necessarily infringed by the
Package. If you institute patent litigation (including a cross-claim or
counterclaim) against any party alleging that the Package constitutes
direct or contributory patent infringement, then this Artistic License
to you shall terminate on the date that such litigation is filed.

Disclaimer of Warranty: THE PACKAGE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER
AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES.
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY
YOUR LOCAL LAW. UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW, NO COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR
CONTRIBUTOR WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE PACKAGE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

